[DX-799]: Remove CTA button in deployment & ops -> GW -> overview, replacing with links (#3541)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/apim/open-source.md

Our commitment to open source also delivers a host of benefits for our users: signup for free with Tyk, receive securely packaged open source packages, getting started guides, access to our community and all of the latest open source information.

> Please refer to our [quick start]({{< ref "deployment-and-operations/tyk-open-source-api-gateway/quick-start" >}}) and [installation]({{< ref "apim/open-source/installation" >}}) guides to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to Tyk API Gateway or just want to quickly take it for a spin in just 3 steps, head over to our [quick start guide]({{< ref "deployment-and-operations/tyk-open-source-api-gateway/quick-start" >}}). If you want to deploy it in a specific platform check our [installation options]({{< ref "apim/open-source/installation" >}}) page.
```
